fix: Session Timeout (#2174)
appsmithorg/appsmith-docs: website/docs/getting-started/setup/instance-configuration/README.mdx

The Admin settings enable the configuration of various settings such as user authentication, email notifications, integrations, and more using the user interface for your self-hosted Appsmith instance.

<ZoomImage

>   src="/img/admin-settings-4-4-24.png" 

Reviewer: Keep the same file name, and replace the image please.

| **Generated Docker Compose File** | General | Generate the Docker Compose file, which defines services for your Appsmith instance. |
|**Share anonymous usage data** | General | Choose whether to share [anonymous usage data](/product/telemetry#opt-in-telemetry) with Appsmith to help improve the product.|
| **Appsmith Watermark** | General | [Upgrade to Appsmith Commercial Edition](https://www.appsmith.com/pricing) to remove the **Built on qppsmith\_** badge on the app's bottom right corner.|
| **User Session Limit** | General | When enabled, limits users to a single active session.|

> | **Session Timeout** | General | Set the duration after which inactive users are automatically logged out. The minimum time you can set is 1 minute, and the maximum is 30 days, in `DD:HH:MM` format. This feature is available to enterprise users.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Session Timeout** | General | Set the duration after which inactive users are automatically logged out. The minimum time you can set is 1 minute, and the maximum is 30 days, in `DD:HH:MM` format. This feature is available as part of the Enterprise plan.|
```
